Multi decade fixes (#278)
PyPSA/PyPSA: doc/release_notes.rst

* Bugfix in ``network.ilopf()`` where previously all links were fixed in the final iteration when it should only be the DC links.

* ``n.snapshot_weightings`` is no longer copied for ``n.copy(with_time=False)``.

* The deprecated argument "csv_folder_name" in ``pypsa.Network`` was removed.

* The deprecated column names 'source', 'dispatch', 'p_max_pu_fixed', 'p_min_pu_fixed' for the class ``Generator``, 'current_type' for the class ``Bus`` and 's_nom' for the class ``Link`` were removed.

* Automated upload of code coverage reports.

* Add support for ``pandas`` up to version 1.3.

* ``PyPSA`` now supports the optimization of multiple investment periods, also known as pathway optimization. With this feature, snapshots can span over multiple years or decades which are divided into investment periods. Within each investment period, assets can be added to the network. The optimization only works with ``pyomo=False``. For more information see the `example notebook <https://pypsa.readthedocs.io/en/latest/examples/multi-investment-optimisation.html>`_.

> * A new attribute (column) "carrier" was added to the components ``Line``, ``Link``,``Store`` and ``Load``, defining the energy carrier of the components. It's default is an empty string. When calling ``network.calculate_dependant_values``, empty carriers are replaced by the carriers of the buses to which the components are attached. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A new attribute (column) "carrier" was added to the components ``Line``, ``Link``, ``Store`` and ``Load``, defining the energy carrier of the components. Its default is an empty string. When calling ``network.calculate_dependent_values()``, empty carriers are replaced by the carriers of the buses to which the components are attached. 
```
